ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 20 clay.geode 4 ore and 7 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 19 clay.geode 3 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 14 clay.geode 4 ore and 15 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 2 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 16 clay.geode 2 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 14 clay.geode 4 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 7 clay.geode 3 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 8 clay.geode 2 ore and 18 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 15 clay.geode 4 ore and 9 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 20 clay.geode 2 ore and 12 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 20 clay.geode 2 ore and 12 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 14 clay.geode 3 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 2 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 16 clay.geode 2 ore and 9 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 15 clay.geode 3 ore and 20 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 17 clay.geode 4 ore and 16 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 16 clay.geode 3 ore and 15 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 18 clay.geode 3 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 11 clay.geode 3 ore and 8 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 9 clay.geode 2 ore and 10 obsidian
ore 2 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 19 clay.geode 4 ore and 12 obsidian
ore 2 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 14 clay.geode 4 ore and 9 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 7 clay.geode 3 ore and 10 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 10 clay.geode 2 ore and 14 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 15 clay.geode 2 ore and 13 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 7 clay.geode 4 ore and 17 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 20 clay.geode 2 ore and 10 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 8 clay.geode 3 ore and 19 obsidian
ore 3 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 20 clay.geode 3 ore and 14 obsidian
ore 4 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 3 ore and 15 clay.geode 2 ore and 13 obsidian
ore 2 ore.clay 3 ore.obsidian 2 ore and 17 clay.geode 3 ore and 19 obsidian
ore 2 ore.clay 4 ore.obsidian 4 ore and 13 clay.geode 3 ore and 11 obsidian
